now their captor is back and he's armed
if he's surprised to find his home full
of strangers he's not showing it
everyone gathers in the house to explain
the situation and start the lengthy
negotiations it's illegal to keep
orangutangs as pets so the babies should
be handed over but the negotiations have
to be conducted very diplomatically
these people need to realize why what
they've done is wrong the team need
their cooperation otherwise there's
nothing to stop them going out and
getting another baby orangutan with a
careful blend of encouragement and
education even a free t-shirt the family
are persuaded that it's best to give up
the two orangutangs Yamato the
discussion work well and they people
give a staring with hands so he is
finishing the letters of permission and
soon we can bring them with us back home
to our place it's very good ending
the orphaned orangutan seemed healthy
the family have looked after them but
they probably planned to sell them into
the pet trade it's still unclear what
happened to their mothers it's likely
they were killed
perhaps after eating the villagers crops
or simply just to get hold of these
valuable infants these tiny babies would
have been clinging to their mothers when
they were killed and then pulled from
their dead bodies
just like human babies they're now
completely dependent on the people that
care for them fortunately that's now
Cisco and the dedicated staff of the
boss foundation